# dit355

DIT355 H18 Mini Project: Distributed Systems Development

Team Flex - Middleware

In this folder we have the C# code for our middleware system.

# FirstNode Folder
The C# file named Program.cs contains the VisualNode side of the middleware software.
The bin and obj folders are autogenerated as of compiling and running the Program.
The .exe file in here gets transported into the Vis unity project after it has been built.

#GitGetter Folder
The C# file named Program.cs contains the software that grabs the git project and initiates the parsing of the xml file.
The .exe file is located bin/Debug, and not in GitGetter/bin/Debug.
The .bat file is neccesary to run scrml.

# protos Folder
The trial.proto file works as a form of blueprint/interface provider for what services and messages the server and client side can use. A script is needed to be run every time the proto files are changed.

# SecondNode Folder
The C# file named Program.cs contains the ParsingNode side of the middleware software.
The bin and obj folders are autogenerated as of compiling and running the Program.
The .exe file is located in bin/Debug, and not in SecondNode/bin/Debug.

# Services Folder
Trial.cs and TrialGrpc.cs file in here are autogenerated and are dependent on the protos file. These files deals with the heavy lifiting of the middleware.

# generate_protos.bas
This script file contains the neccesary WINDOWS script to auto-generate the CS files in the Service folder. This script uses the proto file in the protos folder and needs to be run when ever you update the trial.protos file.

#How to Setup once Pulled
General Setup
1. You will need to setup all four projects using Visual Studio 2017, you open it empty and under File/New there is a option called "Project From Exsisting Code...", pick that, make sure its a C# projects, then after select the folder it is in.

2. The subfolder option must be checked, the name must be the same and depeding on the project it´s either a console application or a Class Library. All projects but Services are Console Application, while the Services is a Class Library.

3. Once you have done that you need to set all the dependenices, using nuget packet manager, or setting them in the projects References.

4. The framework of all the projects except Services need to be set to 4.6. Services need to be set to 4.5. Dont forget to check the Auto-generate binding redirects option.

5. Nuget Dependecies by Project
FirstNode - Grpc, Grpc.core, System.Interactive.Async

SecondNode - NewtonSoft.Json, Grpc, Grpc.core, System.Interactive.Async

Services - Grpc, Grpc.core, Grpc.tools, Google.Protobuf System.Interactive.Async,

GitGetter - NewtonSoft.Json, System.Net.Http, System.Security.Cryptography.Algorithms,Encoding, Primitives

6. How to add Services Reference to First and Second Node projects.
On the References of the projects right click and select Add References... then Browse to the Services/bin/Debug folder and select the Services.dll file, then check in the slection after browsing. This should be it.